Dandy's World - Romantic Accidents

Prologue:
	Dandy is seen crying besides a bench, Delilah tries to comfort him, but she fails as he runs back to the museum.

Act 0 (Before Act 5):
	Dandy checks on everybody, Cosmo is hiding away his plush toy of Sprout when he meets Dandy, which is marked with way too many kisses, but he notices and tells on him with the creators exploiting it. Dandy checks on Shrimpo, as he goes through his usual personality of being the bad guy, but Dandy doesn't mind it. Finally, Dandy meets Pebble as they both play with each other for the day, hoping that the next day will go like any other day like this one.

Act 1 (After Act 2):
	The showrunners are getting ready to shoot another episode for a show, but are given a delay in shooting when Vee and Shelly were spotted exchanging feelings behind set, which are against the rules. They don't think much of it and continue with the shooting, but it's only after production they are punished for their actions.

Act 2 (After Act 3):
	Cosmo and Sprout are getting ready to make a dish, but little does Sprout know, Cosmo has a surprise for him in their recipe and kisses him during the recipe, exploiting the spice for love as an advantage for romance. Poppy and Boxten hear about this and take the time to fall in love as well. This romantic frenzy leads to the creators of the show calling for an eventual ban on the romantic commotions.

Act 3 (After Act 4):
	Before Cosmo gets ready to make a recipe with Sprout, Shrimpo tells him that something's up with Dandy and thinks the creators have something up with it. Cosmo is curious about Shrimpo's behavior towards him right now, unsure why he decided to break his personality as the bad guy. Shrimpo doesn't go too much into detail, but tells Cosmo about an idea to get back at the creators for destroying Dandy's personality with whatever they've been bottling up in and outside of production. Cosmo agrees with this and plans a recipe with Sprout as a surprise to express his feelings to him, a feeling he's been bottling up for a while before Shrimpo told him about his idea.

Act 4 (After the Prologue):
	Shrimpo notices Dandy crying in his room and at first doesn't pay much attention to it. The cries only annoy him though, as he hears them on the other side of his wall, to which he asks Dandy why he's been acting up lately. Dandy is vague with his problem but pinpoints the verdict to the creators Arthur Walton and Delilah Keen. Shrimpo doesn't believe him, but Dandy tries his hardest to convince him to understand him for once in his life, to which Shrimpo eventually realizes that he's not joking and is serious about what he's been up against. So he tells Dndy about an idea for a plan to get back at the creators, to which Dandy agrees with the plan and leaves his room to express his feelings for Astro.

Act 5 (Before the prologue):
	Delilah and Arthur both check the ratings for their shows and they both conclude that Pebble isn't needed for the show anymore as they notice the ratings taking a dip in attention for Pebble. Knowing this, the two check on Dandy and Pebble and ask him if they could leave Dandy for himself for a bit, Dandy is hesitant about the decision, to which the two eventually convince him to agree on taking Pebble, while he waits for them to finish, hoping that it'll just be like a regular checkup. That is until Dandy starts to feel worried after a while without Pebble and goes to check on him, only to find him deceased, leading to him running off to sit outside.

Act 6 (After Act 1):
	After the incident with what happened behind the curtains, Shrimpo hears about this and asks the two why they stopped, to which they felt afraid of making a bad impression to the audience. Shrimpo comments on this with motivation in doing this on live television for everyone to see. The two agree and on live TV in front of an audience, Vee and Shelly hint to each other about a romance before explicitly exchanging feelings for each other. This leads to a cut to a commercial to eventually a full cancellation of the show altogether.